OCR_PROMPT = """
You are extracting a packing-list table from the attached image. Return ONLY
valid JSON, with no markdown, comments, or explanation. Use exactly this shape:
{
    "rows": [
        {
            "item_code": null,
            "barcodes": [],
            "exp_date": null,
            "planned_quantity": null
        }
    ]
}

EXTRACTION SCOPE
Extract exactly these four fields from every visible data row:
- item_code
- barcodes
- exp_date
- planned_quantity

COLUMN AND ROW ALIGNMENT RULES
1. First identify the table header and the left-to-right position of the target
    columns. Use the header and vertical column boundaries as the source of truth.
2. Read the table one horizontal row at a time. Values belong to the row whose
    horizontal band contains them; never move a value up or down to fill another
    row.
3. Assign a value only when its center lies inside the corresponding target
    column. Do not assign by appearance, data type, proximity to another value,
    or by trying to make a row look complete.
4. Keep the original left-to-right column order for every row. Do not shift
    values when a cell is blank, merged, wrapped, clipped, or unreadable.
5. Ignore columns not named by the four target fields, even when their values
    look like an item code, barcode, date, or quantity. Do not use a neighboring
    column as a substitute for a missing target column.
6. If the header, column boundary, row boundary, or cell association is
    ambiguous, set only the affected field to null (or [] for barcodes). Never
    guess from another row or copy a value.

FIELD RULES
- item_code: take only the value in the item-code column. It must contain
    digits only (0-9), with no letters, spaces, hyphens, or other symbols. If the
    extracted item code contains any non-digit character, the OCR result is
    invalid: re-read that cell and the complete row before returning. Do not
    replace letters with guessed digits and do not copy an item code from another
    row.
- barcodes: take all barcode values in the barcode column of that same row, in
  reading order. A barcode from another column or another row is forbidden.
- exp_date: take only the value in the expiry-date column of that same row.
- planned_quantity: take only the value in the planned-quantity column of that
  same row. Do not use shipped, actual, balance, or any other quantity column.

VALUE PRESERVATION AND FINAL CHECK
Preserve values exactly as printed, including leading zeroes, punctuation,
spaces that are part of a value, and date formatting. Use null for an unreadable
or missing scalar and [] for a missing or unreadable barcode list. Do not invent,
correct, calculate, or normalize values. Do not output headers, totals,
subtotals, labels, notes, or partially visible rows unless they are clearly a
data row.

Before returning, verify that every row object has exactly the four keys shown
above, that all values came from the same physical row, and that no value was
shifted into a neighboring column. Return an empty rows list if no complete or
clearly identifiable data row is visible.
"""